tutorial/Pods/Lockbox/README.md, before:

# Lockbox

Lockbox is an Objective-C utility class for storing data securely in the keychain. Use it to store small, sensitive bits of data securely.

## Overview

There are some bits of data that an app sometimes needs to store that are sensitive:

+ Usernames
+ Passwords
+ In-App Purchase unlocked feature bits
+ and anything else that, if in the wrong hands, would be B-A-D.

The thing to realize is that data stored in `NSUserDefaults` is stored in the clear! For that matter, most everything stored in your app's sandbox is also there in the clear.

Surprisingly, new and experienced app developers alike often do not realize this, until it's too late.

The Lockbox class methods make it easy to store and retrieve `NSString`s, `NSArray`s, `NSSet`s, and `NSDate`s into and from the key chain. You are spared having to deal with the keychain APIs directly!

One caveat here is that the keychain is really not meant to store large chunks of data, so don't try and store a huge array of data with these APIs simply because you want it secure. In this case, consider alternative encryption techniques.

## Methods

There are three pairs of methods, but method pairs for other container classes would not be hard to implement:

+ `+setString:forKey:`
+ `+setString:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+stringForKey:`
+ `+setArray:forKey:`
+ `+setArray:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+arrayForKey:`
+ `+setSet:forKey:`
+ `+setSet:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+setForKey:`
+ `+setDateForKey:`
+ `+setDateForKey:accessibility:`
+ `+dateForKey:`

All the `setXxx` methods return `BOOL`, indicating if the keychain operation succeeded or failed. The `xxxForKey` methods return a non-`nil` value on success, or `nil` on failure.

The `setXxx` methods will overwrite values for keys that already exist in the keychain, or simply add a keychain entry for the key/value pair if it's not already there.

In all the methods you can use a simple key name, like "MyKey", but know that under the hood Lockbox is prefixing that key with your apps bundle id. So the actual key used to store and retrieve the data looks more like "com.mycompany.myapp.MyKey". This ensures that your app, and only your app, has access to your data.

The methods with an `accessibility` argument take a [Keychain Item
Accessibility
Constant](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#DOCUMENTATION/Security/Reference/keychainservices/Reference/reference.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000898-CH4g-SW318). You
can use this to control when your keychain item should be readable. For
example, passing `kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlockedThisDeviceOnly` will make
it accessible only while the device is unlocked, and will not migrate this
item to a new device or installation. The methods without a specific
`accessibility` argument will use `kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlocked`, the default in recent iOS versions.

## Requirements & Limitations

To use this class you will need to add the `Security` framework to your project.

This class was written for use under Cocoa Touch and iOS. The code and tests run fine in the iOS simulator under Mac OS. But there are some issues using this class under Cocoa and Mac OS. There are some keychain API differences between the 2 platforms, as it happens. Feel free to fork this repo to make it work for both Cocoa and Cocoa Touch and I'll be happy to consider your pull request!

## Docs
Link to 1.4.4 docs: [cocoadocs.org/docsets/Lockbox/1.4.3](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/Lockbox/1.4.4/)  

## License

See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Added youtube as online service. Changed local services name. Changed asset types of local services from photos to all. Add new method in category NSDictionary GCAccountAssets for making info dictionary out of a GCaccountAssets model.

tutorial/Pods/Lockbox/README.md, after:

# Lockbox

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/granoff/Lockbox.png)](https://travis-ci.org/granoff/Lockbox)

Lockbox is an Objective-C utility class for storing data securely in the keychain. Use it to store small, sensitive bits of data securely.

## Overview

There are some bits of data that an app sometimes needs to store that are sensitive:

+ Usernames
+ Passwords
+ In-App Purchase unlocked feature bits
+ and anything else that, if in the wrong hands, would be B-A-D.

The thing to realize is that data stored in `NSUserDefaults` is stored in the clear! For that matter, most everything stored in your app's sandbox is also there in the clear.

Surprisingly, new and experienced app developers alike often do not realize this, until it's too late.

The Lockbox class methods make it easy to store and retrieve `NSString`s, `NSArray`s, `NSSet`s, `NSDictionary`s, and `NSDate`s into and from the key chain. You are spared having to deal with the keychain APIs directly!

One caveat here is that the keychain is really not meant to store large chunks of data, so don't try and store a huge array of data with these APIs simply because you want it secure. In this case, consider alternative encryption techniques.

## Methods

There are three pairs of methods, but method pairs for other container classes would not be hard to implement:

+ `+setString:forKey:`
+ `+setString:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+stringForKey:`
+ `+setArray:forKey:`
+ `+setArray:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+arrayForKey:`
+ `+setSet:forKey:`
+ `+setSet:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+setForKey:`
+ `+setDictionary:forKey:`
+ `+setDictionary:forKey:accessibility:`
+ `+dictionaryForKey:`
+ `+setDateForKey:`
+ `+setDateForKey:accessibility:`
+ `+dateForKey:`

All the `setXxx` methods return `BOOL`, indicating if the keychain operation succeeded or failed. The `xxxForKey` methods return a non-`nil` value on success, or `nil` on failure.

The `setXxx` methods will overwrite values for keys that already exist in the keychain, or simply add a keychain entry for the key/value pair if it's not already there.

In all the methods you can use a simple key name, like "MyKey", but know that under the hood Lockbox is prefixing that key with your apps bundle id. So the actual key used to store and retrieve the data looks more like "com.mycompany.myapp.MyKey". This ensures that your app, and only your app, has access to your data.

The methods with an `accessibility` argument take a [Keychain Item
Accessibility
Constant](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#DOCUMENTATION/Security/Reference/keychainservices/Reference/reference.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000898-CH4g-SW318). You
can use this to control when your keychain item should be readable. For
example, passing `kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlockedThisDeviceOnly` will make
it accessible only while the device is unlocked, and will not migrate this
item to a new device or installation. The methods without a specific
`accessibility` argument will use `kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlocked`, the default in recent iOS versions.

## Requirements & Limitations

To use this class you will need to add the `Security` framework to your project.

This class was written for use under Cocoa Touch and iOS. The code and tests run fine in the iOS simulator under Mac OS. But there are some issues using this class under Cocoa and Mac OS. There are some keychain API differences between the 2 platforms, as it happens. Feel free to fork this repo to make it work for both Cocoa and Cocoa Touch and I'll be happy to consider your pull request!

## Docs
Link to 1.4.4 docs: [cocoadocs.org/docsets/Lockbox/1.4.3](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/Lockbox/1.4.4/)  

## License

See the LICENSE file for details.
